docs: clarify mailer URL path (#1113)
supabase/gotrue: README.md

`MAILER_TEMPLATES_INVITE` - `string`

> URL path to an email template to use when inviting a user. (e.g. http://www.path.com/path-to-email-template.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
URL path to an email template to use when inviting a user. (e.g. `https://www.example.com/path-to-email-template.html`)
```

(changes being `https` should be recommended by default, and `example.com` is more sensible as an example than `path.com`, and also formats the url)
